well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
becoming the out-group the demographics
of the United States are changing and
they will continue to change this is one
of those things on a long enough
timeline there are certain things that
are just going to happen it is what it
is there's no stopping it there are a
lot of people that have a fear of this
demographic shift that people they're
worried what's going to happen to them
when it happens and it's something we
should talk about there are a lot of
people that say things like well I don't
want to become a minority in my own
country there's a lot there's a lot in
that statement there really is and then
we're gonna just kind of go through it
piece by piece the most obvious part is
that it is inherently racist there's no
other way to put it
first in my own country in our own
country
that alone suggests the United States is
for white people and white people alone
it's our country all of those citizens
of other races well they're not really
American that's kind of messed up
there's also the idea that gets
presented along with this is you know I
don't want to become a minority in my
own country why why is that a concern
when you say this you admit that there
is systemic racism if there wasn't
becoming a minority wouldn't be a
concern now would it
it's an admission that the United States
does not treat minority groups equally
maybe rather than trying to stop the
inevitable it would be a better idea to
try to work to treat everybody equally
try to treat people fairly call me crazy
and then there are sub arguments when
you bring that up like well no no see I
just want everybody to speak English
why seriously why does that matter
this doesn't happen overnight you know
the demographic shift will take decades
and it will occur and yes Spanish will
become a more popular language in the
United States
almost like pretty much every country
having multiple languages being spoken
it's not a big deal it's only a big deal
if you make it a big deal the reason in
the United States it becomes a worry is
because people used that white people
use that to out group others for so long
I don't want to have to press one for
English
it doesn't matter the reason people see
that as such a horrible thing is because
it was used to vilify others this is one
of those situations in which the fates
are kind of holding up a mirror to you
if you've said these things if you're
concerned about these things understand
it is inherent racism there's no other
way to do it there's no other way to
hold these views and suggest it's
anything but you can try to downplay it
or spin it but at the end of the day
your concern is either that a new
majority group will treat white people
the way white people treated others or
it's an admission that today's society
in the United States does not treat
minority groups equally and that you're
okay with that
on a long enough timeline we will all
fall in love eventually skin tones
facial features everything will change
we will eventually all look like
brazilians and what a great day that
will be
it will be harder for politicians and
those seeking to pit us against each
other to derive power from our
differences when they no longer exist
until then it's a source of power for
those who want to keep others down don't
feed into that there's nothing to fear
I think that we can build a better
America and a better world by letting
some of this go I'm totally cool with
pressing one for English I'm okay with
my kids learning Spanish their grandkids
they may speak it at home it's okay this
isn't the end of the world anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night